controversial question. Uh I asked you
before the show a question and I have
not seen the answer yet, but um the
question was um in an environment when
there are coding tools out there that
allow people to build things um what's
the value proposition of learning a
language like Python to do that? Like do
we still need to do it? And what's the
value proposition of doing it? So you're
going to reveal your answer. I'll reveal
my answer. So, not sure if this exactly
answers the question, but I said trust
but verify. Oh, tell me more. Okay.
Yeah, I've certainly definitely used
Genaii tools before and for even for
really simple things, it can get it
wrong, especially um mathematical things
and even programming things. And so I
have sort of a I would say a basic
knowledge of programming. And I was wait
I'm at I would say it's a little more
than basic for everyone out there. More
than basic continue. Um and so I was
able to start with what Genai gave me as
a as as a program and kind of kind of
tell you know what it in this particular
test case it doesn't really work that
well. And I didn't have to go back and
ask it to fix it because that requires a
lot more sort of back and forth with the
with prompting. And I was able, you
know, to just fix it on my own. It
wasn't that hard of a fix. And, you
know, as soon as you go back and prompt
the the genai again and again and again,
you start to introduce sort of
variability of English language, right?
like when you're talking to someone
online, it's really hard to tell what
they mean or right there's all these
double meanings. Um, and Genai is all
probabilistic. So, they're basically
going to, you know, pick the highest
probability of what you mean and then
when they give you answers back again,
they give it to you with whatever the
highest probability for the next word to
be, that's what they spit back at you.
So as soon as you introduce sort of that
prompting back and forth, it can
introduce errors that potentially stack
on top of errors, misunderstandings, and
things like that. So having a really
basic knowledge of programming could
allow you to maybe start with a piece of
code that the genai gives you back. So
you're not starting with a blank slate.
It's not super daunting to write it
yourself, but you start with something
and then you potentially test it and
then debug it and then, you know, figure
it out. Okay, now I trust that it works
well. Mhm. Yeah. I feel like the ability
to verify is the human component. Yes.
And that is sort of what creates the
balance with AI. Like if you let AI make
all the decisions, then you've lost your
self-reliance. Um and you can't choose
your own adventure because you're going
to get a bunch of errors and it's going
to lead you down the wrong path.